Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Jonah Johnson

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Jeffrey Xu

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

Jonah Johnson

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

Jeffrey Xu

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Interesting assignment, challenging, time consuming but learned a lot

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Interesting assignment, challenging, time consuming but learned a lot

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Boundary tests

mywcempty.txt: empty file; tests corner case where no lines, words, or
characters are present in the file

mywcnewline.txt: file containing a single \n; tests corner case for \n

mywcsingleword.txt: file containing "hello"; tests corner case for a
single word contained in the file

mywcsinglechar.txt: file containing 'a'; tests corner case for a single
character contained in the file

mywcsinglewordnewline.txt: file containing "hello" followed by \n;
tests small combination of aforementioend corner cases

mywcspacenewline.txt: file containing "help" followed by \n followed
by "help thanks" followed by three \n; tests small combination of
aforementioned corner cases

mywcspaces.txt: file containing only spaces; tests to make sure that
program can distinguish whitespace from words


Statement tests

mywcproverb.txt: file containing the Chinese proverb provided on the A5
spec; tests program for line-, word-, and character-counting

mywcpotpourri.txt: file containing digits 0-9, characters abc, and \n;
tests character/word detection, whitespace transitions, and newline 
handling

mywcrandom.txt: file containing random ASCII readable characters;
tests character/word detection, whitespace transitions, and newline
handling


Stress tests

mywclargeline.txt: file containing 'a' 10,000 times on a single line; 
stress-tests program for handling large lines

mywclargemultiline.txt: file containing "hello" 1,000 times placed
across 1,000 lines (one per line); stress-tests program for handling
line-, word-, and character-counting for large multi-line files

mywcmultirandom.txt: file containing 1,000 lines of randomly generated
ASCII characters; stress-tests program for character/word detection,
whitespace transitions, and newline handling

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  12.037838 seconds

Part 2b:  2.618260 seconds

Part 2d:  7.855271 seconds

Part 2e:  3.417791 seconds

Part 2f:  2.025132 seconds
